# Question

A company uses NFS to store large video files in on-premises network attached storage. Each video file ranges in size from 1MB to 500GB. The total storage is 70 TB and is no longer growing. The company decides to migrate the video files to Amazon S3. The company must migrate the video files as soon as possible while using the least possible network bandwidth. 
Which solution will meet these requirements?

A. Create an S3 bucket. Create an IAM role that has permissions to write to the S3 bucket. Use the AWS CLI to copy all files locally to the S3 bucket.

B. Create an AWS Snowball Edge job. Receive a Snowball Edge device on premises. Use the Snowball Edge client to transfer data to the device. Return the device so that AWS can import the data into Amazon S3.

C. Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public service endpoint to connect to the S3 File Gateway. Create an S3 bucket. Create a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. Point the new file share to the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from the existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway.

D. Set up an AWS Direct Connect connection between the on-premises network and AWS. Deploy an S3 File Gateway on premises. Create a public virtual interface (VIF) to connect to the S3 File Gateway. Create an S3 bucket. Crate a new NFS file share on the S3 File Gateway. Point the new file share to the S3 bucket. Transfer the data from existing NFS file share to the S3 File Gateway.

# Hint
- Large file size, no need consider scalability
- CLI over internet consumed too much bandwidth.
- File Gateway still using own network, no matter using of Direct Connect or not.