# Question

A company is migrating a distributed application to AWS. The application serves variable workloads. The legacy platform consists of a primary server that coordinates jobs across multiple compute nodes. The company wants to modernize the application with a solution that maximizes resiliency and scalability. 
How should a solutions architect design the architecture to meet these requirements?

A. Configure an Amazon SQS queue as a destination for the jobs. Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling group. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling to use scheduled scaling.

B. Configure an Amazon SQS queue as a destination for the jobs. Implement the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling group. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the size of the queue.

C. Implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling group. Configure AWS CloudTrail as a destination for the jobs. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the primary server.

D. Implement the primary server and the compute nodes with Amazon EC2 instances that are managed in an Auto Scaling group. Configure Amazon EventBridge as a destination for the jobs. Configure EC2 Auto Scaling based on the load on the compute nodes.

# Hints
- Job coordination, scalability, and resiliency.
- Scheduled scaling cannot handle unpredictable cases.
- Let SQS replace primary server, I think can.
- In some implementation, the pain point is still primary server. And Why we use CloudTrail? CloudTrail is use for logging, not job orchestration.
- EventBridge is use for event driven, not distributing jobs.